The Joe Rogan experience. I used to work at this tech company and like,
we had a lot of Chinese people that were,
it was a computational biochemistry research lab.
So of course we had a lot of Chinese people that worked there because they were
very smart and qualified.
And that's my favorite thing is like, when you're like, you're racist,
I just said, you are smart.
You guys were amazing. Well.
Then people they get there, like not all Chinese people are doing well.
And I'm like, yeah, I'm sure there's Chinese people that aren't doing well,
but you know, their parents never talk about them.
Well, there's a lot of Chinese people.
When you say not all Chinese people are doing well, there's a billion them.
Yeah. I mean, there's plenty that aren't doing well,
but the ones that are doing well are doing really.
Wow. Yeah. You're concentrating on the glass is half empty.
I mean really billion people.
The Chinese people that worked at this tech company,
if they were Chinese nationals,
they were only allowed to have access to certain parts.
Like there were certain parts they had to keep separate from them and they
couldn't know about, did they come.
Over and stare at your computer?
I had one guy.
[Inaudible].
Me. I'm just like, I'm just recruiting new people to work here.
You're not going to get anything from me.
I don't understand what we're doing here. But the one guy who worked there,
he came over, didn't know any English.
And he learned English by watching Seinfeld. So I kid you not,
he had this Seinfeld cadence that he spoke with.
[Inaudible].
And he'd enter rooms a little bit like Kramer. No, I sweat.
Not the full thing, but every time he'd come into the office, he'd be like,
whoa.
Oh really? Wow. That's weird.
I wonder if there's an equivalent show in China,
where if you went over there and tried to learn Mandarin from a television show,
like, what would you concentrate on?
I got a way to hold it here. I'm going to get two radios.
[inaudible].
Chopsticks is racist. No it's racial. You.
There's a difference in racial and racist. I enjoy chopsticks.
It's a great way to eat salad by the way.
I think people are often used to the burry,
my heart at wounded knee narrative of native Americans, which is as victims.
And there's no question that they were victims of a westward rolling empire and
378 broken treaties. And we can just go on. We know what that narrative is like,
but the narrative that I told was an era of power, dominance of power, uh,
which came with brutality too. And I think it surprised it was a fact.
It was a fact that, that if you go back in time, these Indy,
these native American tribes that eventually got crushed as the Comanches did
and put on a reservation somewhere and had their livelihood taken away from
them. Um, but you know, it really, anyway,
it's a, it's a, it's a huge deal. Um, and,
and a narrative that I think to me,
that doesn't take into the enormous power and dominance and
behavior of, of command she's is just missing half the half the narrative.
Well, it's so fascinating because it's essentially,
they were living like stone age people and they were doing it very
recently. There were,
they were doing it like in terms of the way Europe is you could go and
see buildings in Italy that were built long before any of this
stuff happened long before the settlers started encountering them.
And they were living like this and this sort of, I mean,
it's very romantic the way they live,
just chasing the Buffalo and killing them and then eating only
Buffalo meat and then doing very little farming, picking some berries and nuts.
And that's about it. I mean, it was just eating meat and rating and killing.
If they were, they were hunter gatherers, they were nomadic hunter gatherers,
which is what they were and what the horse allowed them to do was to,
which is what they had been before the horse allowed them to do that only just
really, really, really well. In other words, they would,
they weren't in a position of becoming agricultural Indians.
The horse gave them this ability to, and as you said,
that they got everything from the Buffalo clothing and, and lodging and,
and tools and saddles and bridles and food. I mean,
everything came from the Buffalo.
So the horse just enabled them to do this on an incredibly sophisticated level.
That was.
Uh, Zanzibar. Well.
I think what kind of meat is on that?
Uh. I don't know something. I ain't even eat.
I told you I don't eat McDonald's man. Like I don't trust me.
And matter of fact, me and Andrew, one time we went to, uh, we did the hip,
not the hip hop awards, the MTV awards over in Europe.
And while we was over there, the crew and everything,
and I w I traveled the line and I'm like, they was like, man,
we finna go get something to eat. And I'm like, I ain't eating that. Like, nah,
come on, let's go get somebody. I was like, man, you gonna up. Go over there.
Everybody. The whole crew had to go to the hospital. I was the only one.
They ain't go really? Yeah, because I don't eat that.
They all got food pours and trying to eat Andrew too. I'm not sure.
He said he didn't, but I swear. I told him to, he said he didn't get it,
but he might've listened to me that time. But, but for the most part,
I just don't eat. When I go out to country, I eat that I'm used to a fruit,
rice, chicken. And McDonald's.
McDonald's you ever see one of those, uh,
cheeseburgers or they put it on a shelf for a year and they film it for a year
to see if it deteriorates here late. It looks like it just got put there.
That's a good thing though. Right.
That's like space food like that space food.
Like if the space food is good for all astronauts, they gotta be good for us.
Like we be hating on McDonald's way too much. Like nobody's really,
really died on, on paper. I mean, McDonald's they have from Jack,
they died from eating a lot. You eat anything a lot.
You going that SPP fishing and fat as.
True. But I think someone's died for me. Cola.
I think that was a bird that was Jack in the box. So right.
They had a Nikolai outbreak.
That could be an everything that could be at any restaurant, any place that,
that that you just showed on there. I'm pretty sure it's eco and that,
they just, they bother you immune to it. Yeah. That's one thing I did learn too,
from traveling at the end of the day, you can eat anything.
You just can't eat a lot of it.
If you look at endurance as well, the adaptations and the mitochondria is well,
the, you can get some acute adaptation. So very short term like, oh, you know,
bigger, whatever guns in six weeks or faster 400 meters, six weeks. Yes,
you can do that. But these adaptations are transient.
So it takes time for things to really get got solidified.
And also,
if you're more patient with your progression as while you're going to
find that your gains are much more stable, if you take some time off,
which is important for anybody, you travel, you get sick. Uh,
some other thing happens.
So if you've been training in a manner where you're not forcing yourself,
in fact, this is one of the very important points in,
uh, that Soviet coaches would make that do not force that uptaken D uh,
David rigor rigor is probably the greatest weightlifter of all times. So he is,
um,
over 60 a world records in several weight classes and just unbelievable athlete.
So he just made a point that do not force the strength
development, do not force mass development. That's another problem. You start,
it's possible to build muscle fast,
but it's not given necessarily very quality muscle. So yes, take your time. And,
and this is interesting enough, Joel, this is what old timers understood.
I'm a fan of, uh, books by all-time strong men.
Not all of them, of course, but some of them are just remarkable.
Earl Leaderman. He was an American strong man and educator.
He wrote a book back in 1925 called the seekers of strength.
And it's an awesome book.
She read this book and if you follow the directions in this book from
1925, you will get far superior results.
And for most pop fitness and strength programs,
because people who had some sense, some common sense, they're able to,
again, observe what's going on. They're not driven by some slogan. Oh,
one more rep.
Yeah. You know, a lot of people thought that was all fake until, uh,
Alex Jones and John Ronson was with him right at
the yes. Uh, I don't know who was with an actually yes.
I'm pretty sure Google that. Make sure I'm right. I'm pretty sure it was Ronson.
I'm pretty sure Ronson was. I know it was, he was talking about it.
We talked about it on the podcast about, you know,
like that they couldn't believe what they found.
So this is place Bohemian Grove. And the idea was that, uh,
there all the elites would go there and they would engage in these occult
rituals. This is in America. Yeah. Yeah. It's in California.
It's like Northern California. And so you hear about this and you're like, what?
Like if you heard about that, like, Hey,
there's a place former presidents go top,
top ranking generals and heads of state and bankers,
famous artists. They go to this place and they, they do a cult rituals.
They perform a cult rituals.
Part four of the secret rulers of the world directed by Jon Ronson. He travels.
With Alex Jones, uh, Netflix.
Uh, I don't know where he could find.
It was on. You can definitely see it on YouTube.
You can definitely see the interaction. So Alex films,
these people worshiping Molik the,
our God and doing this thing,
he completely sneaks in just acts like he's belongs there. Just let him in.
They have a gate guarded gate, just, Hey, Hey, how you doing? Uh,
he looks like a Republican. They let him throw up.
He is there filming them. They have an effigy,
like a bunch of straw and.
That's supposed to represent a person that you're sacrificing to Moloch.
They all got, they were dressed in these crazy hoods. They put the effigy down.
They say they have those loudspeakers and they have this crazy speech they give
it's so weird. But these are like legitimate, wealthy, famous people.
Politicians. These people are like heads of banks and.
And then they go in there and they're dressing up. This is real, right?
Like this isn't like, you hear things like that. Like, well, that's nonsense,
right? That's nonsense. That doesn't really happen. There's not a real,
like Bilderberg meeting.
They don't really get together and pretend they're burning hookers.
They really do. They really do. Yeah. And so that he films this and like,
it's one of the first things that got me thinking about conspiracies,
as much as you can think that Alex is a wacky guy and he's certainly, uh,
eccentric and he's not always right. You know,
and that's part of the problem when you're being lied to left and right by so
many different things, you can get real off on, on things.
And he did, right. He's gotten, you know, he's, you know,
it's been beaten into the ground, but the,
the fact is that there are a certain amount of these things out there like that.
And if it wasn't for Alex releasing that video,
I think most people would think that's nonsense. But when you see that video,
you have to go, okay, what is this? What is going on?
Are they really dressing up? Is this really an, a cult ritual? What is this.